
		16th July 2024

TAE Aerospace
RE: Engineer Position 

Dear Hiring Manager,
As an engineer with turbojet design and build experience, I would like to express my sincere interest in TAE's advertised position. My tertiary focus in aerospace engineering, hands-on experience with combustion systems, and my genuine passion for aviation make me an ideal fit for this role. 
As you are looking for an enthusiastic engineer who can hit the ground running,  I have highlighted below my own background that aligns with TAE’s maintenance, repair, and overhaul operations. 
Assisting engineers during my internship at Mincham Aviation, gives me confidence to work efficiently in regulated workshop environments
Preparing wind tunnel tests for an internship at the University of Glasgow, has exposed me to structured procedures and the preparation of technical documents
Project management experience at Shadeform, has sharpened my ability to balance multiple priorities, work within tight schedules, and thrive in dynamic team environments
Designing and testing a ramjet combustion system for my final year university project, has given me proficiency in preparing engineering drawings and structural analysis (FEA)
My interest in aircraft, one that I developed when I was quite young, is fostered by a number of personal projects and business ventures. At Buzz Drones I led the development of remote aircraft, where I gained valuable experience in manual milling and CNC machining. My pastime of reverse-engineering model jet engines is something I enjoy immensely, and it has improved my understanding of the engineering process.
This diverse experience gives me a unique set of skills to provide TAE Aerospace with technical insights and solve problems in a timely manner. I'm excited about the prospect of working in a dedicated workshop, maintaining and supporting a wide array of propulsion systems. Working with jet engines is more than just a recreation of mine—it's a lifelong passion, one which ignites my scientific curiosity each day.

I welcome the opportunity to discuss how my background, skills, and enthusiasm could make a positive impact at TAE Aerospace. Thank you for considering my application and I hope you have a great day.

Kind regards,

Joshua Carr

